docs: update integ-doc that vault/depositVerifier takes 2 weeks (#447)
omisego/plasma-contracts: plasma_framework/docs/integration-docs/integration-doc.md

    ```
    event SetDepositVerifierCalled(address  nextDepositVerifier);
    ```
4. Wait **two** `minExitPeriod` for the new deposit verifier to take effect. In production, it should be two weeks.

### Security analysis

> The waiting period of two weeks for upgrading the deposit verifier provides protection for deposit transactions that are sent in the root chain but are still in mempool before the `setDepositVerifier` is called. Also, it gives one week buffer for user to standard exit if invalid deposit verifier is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The waiting period of two weeks when upgrading the deposit verifier provides protection for deposit transactions that are sent on the root chain, but are still in mempool before the `setDepositVerifier` is called. Also, it gives a one week buffer for the user to perform a standard exit if an invalid deposit verifier is set.
```

3. Wait for the following event to be returned: `event VaultRegistered(uint256  vaultId, address  vaultAddress);`

5. Wait **two** `minExitPeriod` (two weeks in production). 

6. After the waiting period completes, the user is able to deposit to the new vault.

### Security analysis

> As with the process of configuring a new deposit verifier, a period of two weeks waiting time is chosen to protect the deposit transactions that are still in mempool while the transaction of `registerVault` is sent. Also, it gives one week buffer for user to standard exit if invalid deposit verifier is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with the process of configuring a new deposit verifier, a period of two weeks waiting time is chosen to protect the deposit transactions that are still in the mempool when the transaction of `registerVault` is sent. Also, it gives a one week buffer for the user to perform a standard exit if an invalid deposit verifier is set.
```
